# Interview-1
2. Suppose there is a zero-day vulnerability from Kubernetes or Docker? What’s your procedural response process to mitigate risk in present environment?

3. Suppose there is a high severity vulnerability flagged in production and you are using some security tools in CI/CD scan, how do you investigate and resolve?

4. What is your team structure and strength?

5. How many projects you handled — is it internal or client?

6. Suppose some of your team members accidentally committed AWS access key into GitHub (or) any code repository. What is your immediate response plan and how do you prevent that in future?

7. Suppose you used Trivy and scanned Docker image & you found multiple critical CVEs in the base image as that application is running on, if it’s in production release you want to remediate without delay and downtime — how do you remediate that?

8. What is the timeframe to resolve the Critical, High, Medium & Low vulnerabilities?

9. Suppose there was an intern in your company was given Administration access by mistakenly, what risk will be identified and how do you enforce least privilege going forward to any new intern (or) new someone?

10. Suppose you load hosting your production workloads in us-east-1 region & it goes down due to some reason, how do you design a multi-region failover factor using AWS services?

11. Your Jenkins agent is compromised by a malware — what steps would you take to ensure pipelines are secure and credentials are not leaked?

12. A Docker container in your production starts consuming 100% CPU — how do you detect if this is a crypto-mining attack & mitigate that situation?

13. Your Docker images are like 2 GB & your system is very slow, how do you optimize those images?

14. Your app is running on EKS, has latency but CPUs are fine — what else would you check in this situation?

15. Share a screen and write a script to check if NGINX service is running & restart that service if it’s not running (shell script of monitoring the NGINX).

16. Are you familiar with Dockerfiles? Can you write a simple Dockerfile for Next.js application? Can you explain that Dockerfile?

17. Are you familiar with Kubernetes?

18. A Pod is stuck in Kubernetes with CrashLoopBackOff — can you walk me through the exact steps & commands you’re trying to diagnose & resolve it?

19. You have listed security scanning tools, are you familiar? How do you integrate those into Jenkins CI/CD pipeline?

20. Are you familiar with Terraform? In a Terraform if 2 engineers apply changes at the same time, what happens to state file and how do you prevent the corruption?

21. If a container cannot reach a service on another container by host name, how do you debug and fix it?

22. Are you familiar with AWS Cloud Security? In AWS if an S3 bucket has a resource-based explicit deny but your IAM policy allow it, what happens?

23. Are you familiar with SonarQube? What is quality gate in SonarQube & how would you enforce it in Jenkins?

24. Are you familiar with OWASP ZAP? How do you run ZAP in CI/CD pipeline without GUI?

25. Do you have any questions?

# Interview-2
1. Can you brief your technology exposure on secuirty side
2. How do you integrate security tools throughout SDLC
3. What is the diference between SCA and SAST
4. How do you make the customization of fortify tools for clients[banking env]
5. How do you implement security as code in infra and application deployment
6. is there seucirty or quality gate in fortify
7. what will be the output file generated by fortify scan
8. For container security how do you use trivy in pipeline
9. What will be the key constraints/considerations when you start implementing Pod security standards in EKS clusters
10. How do you implmeent network segmentation and micro-segmentation in k8s
11. How will you implement least privileges access using roles and policies using terrafom modules
12. Can you please explain in detail about aws guard duty and cloud trail for threat detection and compliance part
13. How do you prevent unauthorized access of terraform state files
14. How do you handle credential rotation in Jenkins & Github
15. Can you please explain your approach on managing false +ves from the seucrity scanning tools
16. 